### Objective
Artists learn to draw and thereby to learn to see. That’s what this exercise is about. Learning to draw with language and thereby to perceive more vividly.

### Assignment
This is a simple exercise with a simple emphasis: writing with your five senses.
Write a three-paragraph description of a person or a place. Show the reader what it looks like, smells like, feels like, sounds like, even tastes like.
Try to put pressure on every word, every phrase. Make every sentence meaningful, sensible, and clear.


She is a banker, dusky and thin with long hair. She wears large glasses with thick frames. Her face has a permanent frown. Even though she owns a car, she uses the public bus to come to the bank every day. She wears clothes that are just one size over with no makeup. She speaks to every customer in the same manner, monotonous and bland. In the evening, she hurries home on the crowded government bus. By the time she reaches home, she is sweating all over, filled with dust and dirt. She could have used the heater to warm the water to take a shower, but she takes a shower in the cold water. Finally, she sits on the couch and relaxes for a few minutes. She looks around, her home is spotless. With a sense of relief, she inhales deeply, the fresh smell of potpourri makes her smile.

With a two year toddler at home, one would expect her home to be a mess but her home is spotless. She likes it that way and her husband makes sure of it. His husband takes care of all household chores except for cooking. Without a second thought, she would attribute her success and happiness to her husband. He works as a clerk in an elementary school, two blocks away. Before she could relax any further, she hears a dry sob. Her son has woken up from the nap. She rushes to the bedroom. Her husband is asleep with his hands around the baby who had just woken up.

Seeing his mom he smiles and extends his hands forward, wanting to be lifted. She takes him and kisses his forehead. Her husband wakes up as well, looks at her, smiles, pulls the blanket closer, and doses off again. She feeds the baby, cleans his face, and carries him to the balcony. The plants on the pots seem well-groomed. Again, her husband's work. The baby curls around her shoulders. She hugs him tighter and kisses again. She looks out through the balcony. The scenery is just the same in every direction. Apartments, apartments, and apartments everywhere. She would much rather look into the eyes of her baby than look at this concrete chaos. She closes her eyes and leans against the baby. Her baby, her husband, her family that is all that she ever needs.

## Request for feedback: 

***Assess the writer’s use of sensuous language. How vividly do the physical characteristics of the people, places, and things come across to you? How real do they feel?***

Priyanshi Maheshwari
*I could learn a lot about this women who I feel resembles me in some ways. I could connect to this person*

Titova Darya
*There were various senses envolved in the description so you did a pretty good job here. I could almost see the woman.*

Amy Shimoni
*Very real! I loved the first sentence... I can see her clearly - the contrast between her work life and her home life is also clearly described through visual descriptions, smells, touch, etc.*


***How clear was the prose? Were there places where you couldn’t follow the writer’s basic meaning? Were there any lines or moments of word choice that seemed especially spot-on? Please explain.***

Priyanshi Maheshwari
*I won't say a line, but the paragraph about her behavior surely was written excellently!*

Titova Darya
*I liked the first paragraph and how you described the way she looks. How she is sweating all over when she reaches home and she is relieved to inhale its clean smell. What I don't understand is how it is all connected to her family and marital bliss. It looks like these are two separate parts.*

Amy Shimoni
*"the baby curls around her shoulder"... "concrete chaos"... wonderful! The prose was clear -*

***How well does the piece work overall as a depiction of its subject? Does the subject seem an abstraction to you, or does the word choice make it come to life? Please explain.***

Priyanshi Maheshwari
*yes is could imagine this person while reading the story*

Titova Darya
*It was pretty real, the most vivid I've read so far.*

Amy Shimoni
*This woman really hates her job!!!! The contrast between her day and her evening is surprising. I would want to know more about why she is so miserable at work! That might make her more real - I think the word choices are good -*