### Rising Action

*Write a scene of 250-350 words featuring a character with one concrete want (a table, a moose, a toothbrush, anything physical is fine!) and one weakness. Use these two features to drive the action of the plot. Set up the story where every other sentence is a rising action. To help you come up with rising actions, use one word from the following list of twelve words in each sentence that has a rising action. In other words: Write your first sentence introducing your character. Make the next sentence a rising action using one of the following twelve words. Write your third sentence, which may introduce the weakness, then write your fourth sentence with a rising action that includes one of the remaining eleven words you haven’t used. And so on.
- trick
- memory
- aboard
- tiger
- pretend
- carrot
- appliance
- cage
- rings
- crow
- filthy
- explode
You must use at least 6 of the 12 words, but you are encouraged to challenge yourself to use as many of the words as possible while still meeting the word count.*

### Fickle Fancies

John was a simple man, who taught statistics for middle school students. He felt as if his heart was going to explode. He was in love with Tina but Tina had decided to take a new job and move to a different country. He had just come out of a toxic relationship when he met Tina and felt that he should completely heal before asking Tina out, but before that could happen this had happened. 
It was her last day, soon she will be a thing of memory. John's mind started playing tricks on him, he wanted to do something, at the very least go up to her and wish her good luck. But nope. Soon the day came to an end and Tina had left. 
Disappointed with himself John reached his home, it was filthy everywhere, he felt very tired and exhausted. He thought that perhaps it was little things like a messy room that kept him as a loser in life. He sighed and hugged his stuffed tiger and crashed on his bed, maybe it was his stuffed animals too, he thought and smiled.
He woke up the next day determined to make his life better. He tidied up his room. There was a nearly dry carrot in the fridge, munching that he went to the grocery store and brought fresh supplies. He hit the gym and took a long shower. He felt a little better that day. Every night he thought of Tina and woke up inspired to make himself better so that he would feel confident enough to ask Tina out on a date. 
Before he knew a year passed by and soon there was a job opening at Tina’s place. John prepared well and got the job. He now felt calmer, confident and composed.
But ironically and to his surprise when he met and befriended Tina, he did not have any feelings for her. He didn’t feel like asking Tina out. He explored the new country, made new friends, met his love of life Joane, and lived happily ever after.


## Request for feedback: 

***Can you identify the one concrete want and the one specific weaknesses of the character in this assignment? What are they?***

Hridayshri
*Very neatly put together story. I loved reading every line and how it connects till the end.*

Hayanaaz Shaikh
*He loved Tina but could not express himself, and before he tried it, she was gone from him life.*

KASHISH AZEEM
*The character's concrete want is to get love of Tina. His weakness is perhaps shyness that's why he couldn't tell Tina that he loves him.*

***Discuss how well you feel the author incorporated words chosen from the given list.***

Hridayshri
*All the words are used as suggested in the assignment. However the other vocabulary could have been better, formal and appropriate. Some words are used strait out of day to day casual life.*

Hayanaaz Shaikh
*The words were used at needed place hence making sentences readable but they were too long that I had to reread them to understand what they meant!*

KASHISH AZEEM
*The author has incorporated the words aptly and appropriately and interestingly.*

***Is every other sentence a rising action? Is the sequence of events cohesive? How do you feel the entire piece fits together, and do you have any suggestions for the writer to improve it?***

Hridayshri
*The rising action is amazingly weaved. And created an interesting narrative. Every sentence takes the story forwards.*

Hayanaaz Shaikh
*I believe there was rising, not precisely but yes it was there, however I would say, the content was not at all pleasing! It lacked interest and sort of monotonous to read. The end seemed rushed! The writer could end it on a cliffhanger though. Rest it was good and simple.*

KASHISH AZEEM
*Almost every word is a rising action. The entire piece fits well together and the ending was great. that is a nice story.*
