### Structure

*Write a very short story - not more than 200 words - about a trip to the doctor or dentist using the ABDCE structure. Identify the structural elements in your story. My example is provided below:
One night when I was eight years old I opened a bag of Doritos to eat while watching television. (A) Doritos were my favorite snack to eat as a child. Nacho Cheese was my favorite flavor. (B) I loved sitting in the dark hearing the “crunch, crunch, crunch” of the chips. I’d sit there, crunching my chips, but didn’t eat the chips with a napkin (what kid does?) and would forget about the powder that accumulated on my fingertips. As it got later and I got sleepier, I kept rubbing my eyes, my fingertips covered in Doritos Nacho Cheese powder. (D) When it was time for bed, I went to brush my teeth, looked in the mirror, and saw two large bags under my eyes. The Doritos Nacho Cheese powder had pooled into two large sacks underneath my eyeballs. I started screaming and crying. (C) The next day, my grandmother took me to the doctor who put industrial strength eye drops into my eyes to flush out the powder. (E)
Remember, the action in this story isn’t the actual doctor’s office visit. The action is what LEADS you to the doctor’s office.*

## My dog Bunny

I was sitting in the patio, enjoying the breeze(a). My dog Bunny was brushing against my legs. It was a  beautiful evening.
However, that night had huge things planned for me. I was about to sleep when I got the feeling that I had to pee again for the 5th time. The doctors had told me that it is normal for the bladder to feel squeezed as the baby grows. (b) Even after peeing, I was feeling fidgety yet exhausted. Bunny hopped into the bed and curled by my feet, which comforted me immediately.
I didn’t know when I slept, but I woke up to a bad dream screaming, Bunny was running on the bed terrified. I then realized that my water had broke. Instantly, I panicked. Bunny was barking profusely. Soon, the security guard rushed me to the hospital. (d)
At midnight when I was dilated and pushing hard, Bunny’s low whimpers outside the ward gave me all the strength that I needed. (c) After what seemed like an eternity, I delivered a sound, healthy baby boy. I cannot imagine what would have happened if not for Bunny.
Bunny and the baby grew up to become best friends and we lived happily. 


## Request for feedback: 

***Is the sequence of events well-organized and easy to follow? Explain your answer.***

Ibrahim Sorie Mansaray
*The sequence is fairly okay, and the story shows a great form of simplicity. The writer uses the ABDCE system to showxas his/her creative mind.*

Elisa Elizondo Yáñez
yes

Cecily Hatchitt
*Yes and somewhat easy to follow, although there is a lot of description which possibly could be tightened up?*

***Do you agree with the author's identification of the five parts of the five-act structure? Why or why not?***

Ibrahim Sorie Mansaray
*I do agree, and the author did fairly well to fit in her plot using the five-act structure.*

Elisa Elizondo Yáñez
yes

Cecily Hatchitt
*I am not sure that I entirely follow the ABDCE structure here. Maybe the sentence after Background could be included at the beginning of the 2nd paragraph? What do you think? There seems to be 2 climaxes - 1 when the water broke and then again in the ward.
Consider the tight word limit in the assignment. Is there anything the author could add (or subtract) to enhance the clarity of the story's arc?*

Ibrahim Sorie Mansaray
*The words where simply placed, but I think more should be done in the use of words especially Verbs and Adjectives .*

Elisa Elizondo Yáñez
yes

Cecily Hatchitt
*I am not sure that this story falls within the 200 word limit - did you do a word count?*

Did the learner successfully complete this assignment?
2 - 1 pt
1 - 0 pt
so, 2/3