### Introducing a new character

*Choose a book or film that you have recently enjoyed, or select a story from mythology. Identify the core desire, need, or ambition in at least TWO main characters in the book/film/myth. (Cinderella: Need to be loved for who she really is. Prince: Need to be loved for who he really is.) Write one paragraph to familiarize your reader with your chosen characters. Then, create a new, original character and fit that person into your story (A second, compelling woman joins the Prince and Cinderella at the ball.) Let us see all of your characters in a social situation and craft a short scene. (Cinderella, the Prince and The New Woman are all having a drink on the terrace. Cinderella thinks she has found a new friend. The Prince is jealous. The New Woman is a flirt.) Be sure to include telling details. Your scene should not exceed 400 words, and the introductory paragraph does not count towards the word count.*


*Respond to following question and include your response in your assignment submission. Additionally, take into consideration your peers' response to the following question while completing peer reviews of their work.
What is one aspect of your writing that you would like feedback on?*


### Queserasera

The book that I have chosen is “Aristotle and Dante discover the secrets of Universe” by “Benjamin Alire S”. 
As obvious from the title, the protagonists are Aristotle who prefers being called “Ari” and Dante. They are teen boys growing up in Texas. Their characters are shaped and influenced by their family and upbringing.
Dante: At Dante’s family, love is very visible, they kiss and hug more often. They express their feelings openly. Naturally, Dante is emotional, loving, and fun to be with.
Ari: The dynamics at Ari’s home is extremely different. His father is a war veteran who keeps his feelings to himself. No one at his family speaks about his brother who is in jail. The love at Ari's home is silent and unexpressed. As a teen, Ari is uncertain about a lot of things. However, he is bold, confident, and introverted.
Ari and Dante: They met at a swimming class, where Dante offers to teach Ari swimming, and from then on, their friendship blossoms. Ari and Dante soon become very close. Both of them in different situations end up putting their own lives at risk to save the other. Dante develops feelings for Ari. He is gentle and expressive about his love. Ari is confident that he is not gay. He confirms Dante that they are best friends and not lovers.
New Character: Gloria and Laurence
Scene: Gloria, a new girl from Mexico joins their class the following year. She can sing, dance, run, and is an all-rounder. She is very social and friendly. Ari is instantly drawn to her. He asks her out on a date and they start dating. The more he gets to know her, the more he is captivated by her personality. They go on trips to beaches and Ari has sex with Gloria. Gloria even takes Ari to Mexico to her grand parent’s place during Christmas.
Meanwhile, Ari and Dante continue going to swimming classes. After the class, Dante always enquires Ari how the week had been and tries to understand Ari better. To Dante, Ari is one of the best people in the world and he truly deserves the best. Seeing Ari happy keeps Dante happy. 
During the Christmas trip, Ari meets Gloria’s ex-boyfriend, Laurence. Unlike Ari, Laurence is extroverted and is very similar to Gloria. They had started dating 3 years ago and had a good relationship. When Gloria’s parents were planning to move to Texas, Gloria wanted to continue long-distance but Laurence felt that they had so much to explore in life and that they had to date other people. So, they broke up but stayed good friends. Ari never felt insecure about their friendship, but it was hard to miss that Gloria seemed more natural and comfortable when with Laurence.
The following year Ari wants to go to a college in California and had gotten admission there. Gloria had such good scores that all the colleges she had applied, including the college at California, had accepted her. But, Gloria picks New York, where Laurence is planning to go. It becomes evident to Ari that Gloria is still in love with Laurence and Ari gracefully steps aside.
Before Ari and Dante leave for their college, they go on a trip to the desert. As they lie down grazing stars, Ari realizes that it is very easy and comfortable when Dante is around. Dante is very happy to spend time with Ari. Dante feels emotional that they are going to part and has an urge to kiss Ari but keeps that to himself fearing that it might ruin their friendship. As they were about to leave, Ari confesses that he wants to try something and asks Dante if it is OK, to try kissing him. Dante is surprised and overwhelmed, Ari advances forward and kisses Dante, reluctant and shy at first, but slowly the passion builds up. After a couple of minutes, when they finally let go of each other, Ari says, “Yup! Yup! Yup! I am gay!!! I guess I have always been in love with you!!! What an idiot I have been”.  “Ha ha ha, what an idiot” saying so, Dante pulls Ari and kisses him again.


## Request for feedback: 

The one aspect of my writing that I would like to get feedback on, is the clarity. Is my writing simple and easy to follow along? Would this story be better with more dialogues or does the current version seem good the way it is?
Have we gotten an idea of what the author's created person is like from the conversation? Do you see the characters as the author wishes you to see them? Explain your response.

## Feedbacks:

Zubenathi Pino
Yes.

Bryan Miguel Huitz Maldonado
Yes

nikhitha
*Yes i think i'm able to see the characters as the author wishes me to see. The scene which the author created is very good and easy to understand
Does the author do a good job of revealing the characters to you? How do you feel the scene fits, given the context the author provided? Do the characters come across as realistic and understandable? *

Zubenathi Pino
Yes.

Bryan Miguel Huitz Maldonado
Yes

nikhitha
*Yes the scene is very well fit into the story and the characters are realistic
Does the action and/or dialogue make the characters come to life? *

Zubenathi Pino
Yes.

Bryan Miguel Huitz Maldonado
Yes

nikhitha
*Yes the action and dialogues make the characters come to life.*


Zubenathi Pino
*Your writing clear and easy to read and follow. I enjoyed reading this.*

Bryan Miguel Huitz Maldonado
Is clear

nikhitha
*your writing is simple and easy to follow along .I think that the story is good enough with the dialogues and more dialouges may make this story a little clumise and the current version seems good the way it is*

