### POV

*Write an active scene (a dinner, a romance, an adventure) from the first person POV of no more than 500 words. Now take the exact same scene and write it again from the omniscient POV, entirely from scratch and without looking at the first version. Submit both scenes, and further, please comment on what changes you discover as you shift from one POV (I am telling the story...) to the other (the all-seeing creator tells the story...).*

*Respond to following question and include your response in your assignment submission. Additionally, take into consideration your peers' response to the following question while completing peer reviews of their work.
What is one aspect of your writing that you would like feedback on?*

## First person POV 

I am Saira, I grew up in a small town. My family, like most families, is not broken, yet not perfect. I was very studious and did well at my school and college. I was most definitely not the fun kid. But by the end of college, I had a decent job offer in a city.

Thrilled, I moved into the city. I met a wide variety of people. When I met people who have got divorced or who grew up in an abusive environment or who were into a casual relationship, I was shocked. Happenings like these were very rare in my small town. Besides this cultural shock, I was infatuated with one of my colleagues. I was so scared to ask him out on a date when I finally did, he dodged. Believe me, it took three years for me to move on. I was upset and got into spirituality during my difficult times. I read hundreds of books, I am not kidding, I did. Later on, I learned that he was a complete ass and a jerk. Phew! thank god it did not work out. Few other men too wanted to date me, but I wasn't ready then. It was all chaotic. 

Soon, I left that city for good and took a job in another city. I worked my ass off at my new job. I never dated anyone. The people I came across in my workplace were genuine and warm. It was there that I met someone whom I eventually ended up thinking was the life of my life. But before I could have a proper conversation with him, he moved to another country. I connected with him on social media and started texting him. The more I got to know him, the more I fell in love, and the more I was convinced that he was the one. But he was not interested in me and soon got a new girlfriend. We continued to be friends though. By which, I mean that I was texting and he was replying.

His girlfriend moved to another country and I thought that he would notice me now. But there was no improvement. After a while, I love all my hopes and to distract myself, started spending time on my long lost hobby, which was writing. I took up classes on writing after work and wrote a novel. Surprisingly, after a couple of weeks, the love of my life confessed his feelings for me. I was very thrilled. Everything happened so fast and soon we got married. I moved to the new country with him. 

I applied for various jobs, but somehow I kept underperforming at the interviews. I had lots of time to spare and spent the time on my book. Luckily a publisher liked my work. Soon, my book was published and was well received. 

Many more wonderful things happened in our lives. We loved each other immensely, supported each other, and lived happily ever after.


## Omniscient Narrative: 
 
Once upon a time, not very long ago, a girl was born. The little girl's father was a man of morals, and her mother was a woman who had never experienced love. It was India, and if not for an arranged marriage, they would have never got married to each other. Born in such a dynamic family, she grew up in a small town. She knew little of joy and love. She had no neighbors and spent her time studying school books since she had nothing else to do.

Soon, she got into college. Her college, with numerous ridiculous rules and curfew, added more misery to her already miserable life. Her friends were her only solace. Again, left with no option, she spent most of her time reading books, which eventually helped her land up in a job. It was the best paying job offer from her college.

She moved to the city and started her career. With wide eyes, she made her steps carefully, in the bustling city. Everything that she came across surprised her. She listened to stories of men and women of diverse nature. She listened and listened and listened. Stories of rage, stories of love, stories of sacrifice, stories of betrayal, stories of humanity, and whatnot.

Meanwhile, she fell in the idea of love with one of her colleagues. She gave her all to make it happen but luckily it did not. Little did she know that greater happiness was just around the corner. The rejection led her to spirituality. She read extensively and became kinder and warmer. Having had enough of the chaos, she decided to move out of the city.

She moved to a new city and found a new job. It was there she met the love of her life. They had amazing chemistry. Everyone else could see that but for them. They never spoke. At least not until he decided to move out of the office. They connected via social media and texted each other. Before they realised what was happening, they were in love.

Like all love, the course of their love did not run smoothly either. By the time she confessed her feelings, they were miles apart, separated by oceans and mountains. To make things worse, he was in another relationship. Their love stood the test of time and space. Soon, he realised it was, the one, his one. When she least expected it, he proposed.

She moved with him and spent her time writing books inspired by the lives of interesting people she had met. The misery and difficult times had turned her into an amazing writer whose words were very relatable to the readers. Eventually, they got married and had twin boys. With a successful career and a loving family, she lived happily ever after.    Is the style engaging and easy to read or would dialogues make the story more interesting? Did you like the story or did you feel bored? Any general feed is very much welcome as well.

## Request for feedback: 

***Which version of the scene resonated more with you? Why?***

Oli Chen
*I resonated more with the omniscient pov since it helped expand the worldview of the story.*

Erum
*Omniscient! I loved the introduction. It felt like a fairytale. It hooked me.*

Wilfrid Azariah
*the first person. Because it feels like a friend sharing her life to me.
What do you suggest the author could do in order to improve the other scene? Explain your response.*

Oli Chen
*Maybe in the first person pov some dialogue or choice scenes could be expanded upon in more detail, and some of the background could be spared. It would take advantage of the pov more and save on some unnecessary descriptions*

Erum
*The opening line could be changed to make the scene more interesting.*

Wilfrid Azariah
*The omniscient pov is good, great plot. But it feels mechanical. Maybe, the author can explore and share how the girl feels, how to boy feels through dialogue, etc.*


***Do you see the same changes from one POV to the other that the author noted? How clearly distinct were these two stories?***

Oli Chen
*The changes in pov were distinct and the language used helped differentiate between the two*

Erum
*Yes! There were a few major changed i noticed, making it all the more interesting to read.*

Wilfrid Azariah
*Yes, same as the author, i feel the omniscient lack of emotion.
Looking across both scenes, does each sentence relate to the others? Does this piece of writing feel whole and clear or disjointed or flat? Explain your response.*

Oli Chen
*The sentences in the story strongly resonate with each other and help flesh out the details of the scene.*

Erum
*It feels whole and clear. I liked both the scenes. they offered different things to the same story.*

Wilfrid Azariah
*its feel whole. but it feels like reading the same story twice without each of the story special by its own.
Please address the writer's request for feedback here.*

Oli Chen
*Some dialogue could have been added to flesh out the character relationships a bit more. Overall was a very enjoying read!*

Erum
*It's very engaging. I like the omniscient pov. You did a great job!*

Wilfrid Azariah
*1. Its easy to read, but dialogues maybe needed 
2. first person 
3. i like it. Eventhough its generic, but its very enjoyable 
4. keep improving :)*