### Setting and Dialogue

*Create a scene (700-1000 words) with at least three characters. Two of these characters should have different viewpoints on the world; one should be an “insider” in the world you’re creating, and one should be an outsider. For example, you could set the scene in your country and have one person be native and one be a foreign visitor. The third character should be an eavesdropper on a conversation between the first two. Construct the story using no more than three speech tags (a speech tag is something that identifies a speaker, like "she said" and "Kevin replied"); instead, use the setting, descriptions, and idiosyncrasies to make the speakers identifiable. Be careful, however, to avoid caricature.
***Respond to the following question and include your response in your assignment submission. Additionally, take into consideration your peers' response to the following question while completing peer reviews of their work.
What is one aspect of your writing that you would like feedback on?*


It was Tara's first day at the new office. She was super excited. She loves to be a banker. But more than that, she loves Sudarsan very very much. Sudarsan works at the bank. Tara had applied for the job interview mainly because Sudarsan worked there. They had been friends for a while. Tara loves everything about Sudarsan. Ok, not everything, but almost everything. She loves how he always keeps his things sparkling clean. She used to be very messy. But ever since Sudarsan had come into her life, now and then when she scans her room, she would ask herself, "How would you feel if Sudarsan were to come into this room now?". With that question, she would get enough energy to clean up the room. Likewise, Sudarsan is into fitness. Soon, Tara was hitting the gym more often. Not Sudarsan's gym, of course. Tara hasn't expressed her feelings to Sudarsan yet. But it is very unlikely that he doesn't know of Tara's feelings. Tara is very lively and so full of words. She talks and talks and talks. 

It all started when Tara met Sudarsan at a monthly bankers conference. She wasn’t smitten immediately. He was handsome but boring, that was what she thought. With every conference, she slowly started liking him. For a while, Tara waited for Sudarsan to make a move. But Sudarsan was too awkward and shy to talk or maybe he wasn’t interested in Tara. For whatever reason, Sudarsan did not approach Tara. So after a few months, Tara took the initiative and started talking to him just to get to know him better. She thought, after a couple of conversations, she would get bored of him and would move on. But with every passing day, she started liking him more and more. That was how she decided to apply for the job vacancy at Sudarsan’s bank and now, it was her first day.

She tried on a deep blue dress for her first day. When she looked into the mirror, she looked like she was about to go on a date. So, she changed to a more formal shirt and skirt. She was full of enthusiasm and zeal. Finally, her life was getting closer to Sudarsan. She reached the bank earlier than expected. She made herself comfortable in her cabin. Slowly, the bank started filling in with other employees.

A queer-looking girl with curly hair peeped through the glass door and came in.
"You must be Tara, the new Divisional Manager, I am Anne", she introduced herself.
"Hello Anne, yes indeed, I am Tara"
"The Branch Manager mentioned about you yesterday, there will be a formal introduction to all teammates shortly I guess, why don't you join the daily meeting at the conference room."
"Yes, that will be a good idea."

Tara's heart started racing, what if Sudarsan was in her team. She wondered if it would have been better if she had informed Sudarsan about her joining the bank earlier. But now, she had to face it. She followed Anne to the conference room. Slowly, people started bustling in. She got introduced to the team and soon the meeting came to an end, but Sudarsan did not join at all. She wasn't sure if she was disappointed or relieved about it. 

She decided to take a look at the cafeteria. She had many days to figure out and meet Sudarsan. At the cafeteria, she saw Anne talking with rapid hand gestures to someone who Tara didn't know. She didn't feel like joining them. She ordered herself a Latte and a muffin and chose a corner table to herself. The place was warm and cozy, the people at work seemed amiable as well. Even if things with Sudarsan doesn't work out as expected, she would still enjoy her new workplace. Thinking about her first day, Tara was slowly enjoying the muffin.

"Hey!!! Tara", she heard a voice behind her back.
Immediately, she knew. It was him.
"Heyyy Sudarsan, howdy?"
"Great! What are you doing here? Any conference close by?"
"Oh no. I just joined here, as the new Divisional Manager of the Personal Loans department. It is my first day"
"Really? That is awesome. I work here too in the Insurance Department."
"WOW! what a coincidence. I guess we would be bumping into each other more often. Haha"
"Haha yeah, I guess so. Look, I have a meeting in a few minutes. I should probably get going, see you around."
"See ya"

She was a bit disappointed. That was all? For all the excitement she had about meeting him, he didn't seem excited at all. She sighed and sipped her Latte. The Latte had cooled down a little. Perhaps, she should have started with Latte before finishing the muffin. She sighed again and continued sipping the Latte. Suddenly, she felt a cold touch on her shoulder. With a jerk, she turned around, panic-stricken.

"Sorry. Sorry I didn't mean to scare you."
"Oh! Sudarsan, it's you.", she said, breathing heavily.
" I wasn't expecting anyone. I was lost in some thought. Sorry.", she continued.
"Oh no, sorry, Ummm.... I was just wondering if you had any plans for the weekend."
"Weekend? No, what's with the weekend? Is there any conference?". 
Her breath was almost back to normal now.
"No, no, not at all. I thought, maybe we should go on a date. Maybe?"
"A date. WOW! that would be wonderful, yeah sure, we should go on a date", she smiled.
"Cool, that is settled, see you around then."
"See ya”

She kept smiling looking at the cold Latte.

Unnoticed to her, Anne had been listening to their conversation. Hot gossip was brewing in her mind.


RUBRIC

***What do you understand as the author’s intention? How do you see the characters? Do you think it is as the author wishes you to see them? Explain your response.***

MARIA IRENE DI SALVO
*I understood the plot and the characters. I find them very nice.*

Allison Ines Nelaton Causil
.

Aikaterini Papathanou
*Yes, I think that we see the characters as the author wishes us to see them.
How well does the author manage the setting, descriptions, and idiosyncrasies to relate characterization to you? Can you suggest ways for the author to streamline this even further?*

MARIA IRENE DI SALVO
*The setting and the moods of the characters are clear.*

Allison Ines Nelaton Causil
.

Aikaterini Papathanou
*Very well.
Does the action and/or dialogue make the characters come to life? Explain your response.*

MARIA IRENE DI SALVO
*The dialogues were clear and realistic but I wish you had talked more about the characters.*

Allison Ines Nelaton Causil
.

Aikaterini Papathanou
*Yes.*



Please address the writer's request for feedback here.

MARIA IRENE DI SALVO
*The dialogues were clear and realistic but I wish you had talked more about the characters.*

Allison Ines Nelaton Causil
.

Aikaterini Papathanou
*Yes, I could totally relate with the characters, especially Tara and Sudarsan. Yes, the dialogues were clear and realistic.*
