### Show don't tell

As with the first assignment, you will create another scene where someone wants a concrete physical object more than anything else in the world. This time, instead of focusing on rising action entirely, consider the full story structure.
Write for a few minutes, then give that character a disease where they learn they have only 24 hours to live. This is your first significant rising action.
Write some more, then give that character a choice between that object and an antidote. This is your second significant rising action.
Finish the story with a conclusion. Your final story should not exceed 500 words. If you are considering participating in the capstone and have a larger story in mind, you can consider this an opportunity to write one scene from it, but remember your reader will not have any outside context.
Slumdog wanna be millionaire
All that Madhan ever wanted was to own his own home. That was his single dream ever since he could remember anything.
Amidst brawls of drunkards and the stench of the slum, Madhan grew up, picking fights with kids. Madhan’s father worked as a janitor at a Plaza making enough money to feed them. No one had ever mentioned anything about his mother. They lived in a home broken in every possible way.
To him, his father was nothing but a man who cleaned people’s shit. He despised everything about the place. He could have run away as a kid, but he knew he would not survive more than a week in the streets. He spent most of his time picking fights and tinkering at the motor repair shop making few bucks. He was good with motors and machines. If there was one thing in his life that gave him joy, it was the machines, the sound of the engine…
By the time he was a teen, he could dismantle and assemble pretty much every model of motorbike or car. He knew where to get the best spare parts for the best price in the city. Soon he stopped going to his home and spent all his time in the garage. He kept fixing one motor after the next and drunk to his heart’s content at night.
After many years, he saved enough money and opened his own garage. He kept tinkering, working very hard, and by the time he was 30, with the help of a bank loan he could finally buy his own home.
With just two days to sign the documents for his home, he slipped while walking and the wound never healed. The doctors said that multiple organs were bleeding internally and advised him to get admitted immediately or that he would lose his life with a day. He didn’t have much to lose. He could either spend all the money he had saved within a day or use it to save himself. 
Madhan decided to spend his savings and live out loud for a day, but he did not know what to do nor did he have anyone to have fun with. With no one to care for him during this treatment and recovery, for the first time in his life, Madhan introspected. He thought about his father, his childhood, and how he had evolved. Tears rolled down his eyes.
After a few weeks, he was discharged, he went to the garage which appeared empty and lifeless. To his surprise, his dad came to the garage within a few hours. It has been so many years since they had met. His dad confessed that despite their fallout he has always been following Madhan’s life and was extremely worried to see the locked garage. They spoke little and were mostly silent. They had years of stories to catch up.

## Request for feedback: 

***Is it clear how badly the character wants the physical object? Could the author make the feeling stronger in any way?***

meghana vangapandu
*yes he desperately wanted a home*

Arturo Torres Silva
*It is clear because he always wanted to leave the house where he lived as a child.*

Emanuel Maximo de Menezes
*wow perfect&*


***Did the learner include the two additional rising actions listed in the prompt? How did setting and description play a role in making the scene come to life? Explain your answer.***

meghana vangapandu
*yes rising action was involved but setting was little missing*

Arturo Torres Silva
*The two rising actions were included*

Emanuel Maximo de Menezes
*I loved*


***How did the author construct the scene? Can you identify all the parts of it? Was anything missing or unclear?***

meghana vangapandu
*its too clear*

Arturo Torres Silva
*The story is very clear, but I think dialogue is missing*

Emanuel Maximo de Menezes
*This construction incredible*


Did the learner successfully complete the assignment?
3/3