*Write a story (up to 1,000 words) following the ABDCE structure that includes at least one full scene. Also, your story should have at least TEN sentences of rising action.
After your story, along with your submission, ask two specific questions of your readers. Think back to the 21-point checklist. Within the time and logistic constraints of Coursera, we can't follow all the best practices of writing and revision, but as you work through your assignments and especially as you write beyond these courses, keep them in mind.
Example questions you can ask your readers could be: “What did you think of my main character’s actions?” Or : “Were there any parts that seemed confusing or hard to follow?”
As you end this course with your reader feedback, process it and see if it makes sense. Consider the feedback as you move through other courses in the Specialization, and your writing in general.*


Ben was at the bank, to collect his pension when his daughter called. His wife had passed away. It wasn't surprising. He knew this was to happen soon. Ben himself was 65 years old. Even at this age, he hit the gym every day and jogged on the weekends. He loved his family immensely. His wife was not particularly suffering from any major illness, but in the recent few years, her health had deteriorated quickly. Unlike usual marriages that slowly progress into a love-hate relationship, theirs was a loving relationship right till the end.
 Ben kept his phone carefully inside the bag and drank some water. He collected the money and headed out. It was sunny noon at Rockhampton. He took a deep breath. He felt refreshed. It then occurred to him that it had been a long while since he had taken a deep breath. He sighed. The trees broke into a gentle breeze. The trail close by the bank seemed to invite Ben. He followed the trail, it led him to a deserted open garage. Old stinky sofas, broken motors, broken refrigerator, empty beer bottles, and used things were scattered around. Long dry grass that grew in-between this mess, waved in the breeze. Despite the mess, the garage strangely felt calming and comforting. Ben found an old withering willow tree and sat under it.
 He leaned against the trunk and closed his eyes. He was 30 years strong when he had met her. They were teachers at the Middleton School. She was talkative, he was calm. She was messy, he was neat. They were not smitten immediately. She thought he was boring, he thought she was annoying. They did not care much about each other initially, but with time they fell in love. He still thought she was annoying and she still thought he was boring, but the only thing that had changed was their love for each other. They lived happily and had twin boys and a girl. They were a legit happy family. 
 It was hot and someone was poking him with a stick below his knee. Ben had fallen asleep to the breeze reminiscing his love. He woke up and found himself facing a little girl, probably about 8-10years, in a pink dress with a stick. He blinked as his eyes got adjusted to the bright sunlight.
 "Hello...Hello...Hello, wakkkeeee up, why are you sleeping? Wake up, wake up...", she chirped excitedly.
 "...umm.. what is your name? what are you doing here all by yourself?"
 "My name is Aubrey. This is my dad's garage, I play here, my home is over there.", she said, pointing to a cottage at a distance.
 "Oh! okay, you should get going, this isn't a safe place for little girls"
 "I am not a little girl", she kept her hands on her hip and said it sternly.
 "Okay strong lady, help me to my feet then", he said stretching his hands for the little girl to pull.
 "hmmmph", she pulled him as hard as she could.
 "Haha atta girl"
Ben was upon his feet.
"Who are you? What are you doing here? Will you play with me?", without pausing for breath, she jotted one question after another.
"Haha, I am so tired, on my way, back to home, Mam."
"Aren't you not going to play with me?"
"Maybe some other day? Now, I should be going.", he replied politely with respect.
"mmmmhhhh", she whimpered like a puppy longing to be scratched. Ben did not have the heart to say no to that face.
"Okay, what do you want to play?"
"We could play throw and catch, but umm my ball is at my home. what do we do?...mmm"
"What do we do?", he replied mimicking her tone.
"Can you lift me and spin?"
"I sure can. Hope on, girl."

Aubrey jumped and Ben caught her. He spun, lifting her as high as he could. She giggled and laughed.
Spinning made Ben dizzy. He lowered her down.
"Again, again, again.", she jumped.
"No, honey. I am feeling dizzy."
"But I am not. Again! I want it again" she jumped.
"Haha some other day sweetheart"
"Nooo I am going to tttwwwwwiiiiirrrrrlllllll"

Aubrey did not wait for Ben to reply. She caught hold of Ben's pinky finger and twirled around him, giggling and laughing.
She probably got tired after a while and stopped. Catching her breath, she laughed.
"Catch me", she shouted and ran towards her home.
Without giving it much thought, Ben followed the little girl.
Aubrey's mother was a sweet woman, she asked no questions, and welcomed him politely. She offered him biscuits and tea.
The little girl jumped around excitedly. She went from one room to another, bringing in her stuff and showing it to Ben. She showed Ben her pencil box, toys, school bag, underwear, and new dresses with gleaming eyes. Ben nodded and appreciated everything that she showed.
Soon, it was getting dark. Every time Ben got up to leave, Aubrey's eyes welled up with tears. After much cajoling and promises that he would visit her frequently, Aubrey finally hugged and kissed him goodbye with teary eyes as her mother held her. 
Aubrey's sobs echoed in Ben's ears after he had left. His eyes welled with tears, he let himself cry. He cried loudly walking on the deserted unpaved road. He sobbed uncontrollably like a little boy. The sun was setting, and darkness was creeping in. The trees glistened and waved in the setting sun's red rays sending comforting breeze to Ben. Despite all, it was a beautiful evening.

## Request for feedback: 

***Does the story have at least ten sentences of rising action? Identify any spots where you feel rising action could be added or clarified.***

Andre Molina Borges
*The pace is very good!*

Dakshina Suresh
*There are many instances of rising action, no clarification is required but a few more interesting additions could be made.*

Sujitha kathiravan
*good*

***What do you identify as the five parts of the five-act structure in this story?***

Andre Molina Borges
*Action - the daughter's call Background - the married life Development - The child and the old man playing Climax - The old man leaving Ending - the cry and memories*

Dakshina Suresh
*A-collecting pension,B-reminiscing their relationship D-upto where Aubrey is tired,C-Ben following Aubrey E- Ben walking back to his home thinking about what happened.*

Sujitha kathiravan
*good*

***Use this space to answer the two questions that the author posed for feedback.***

Andre Molina Borges
*1. It brought a kind a happiness, not the sparkling one, but of a beautiful and calm type. It also evoke nostalgia
2. I didn't understand why the girl's mother is in the scene. For me, her presence made no difference
 3. Yes and yes! 
 4. The finale is very good! The way you show the old man's emotions is heartfelt!*

Dakshina Suresh
*1)hopeful,a warm feeling
 2)No.All parts that have been included are required to convey the emotion.
 3)Yes it is cohesive and not confusing
 4)The story could have been given an unexpected twist or some other additional actions or information that amounts to a 'wow' factor. But it's a good and simple story.*

Sujitha kathiravan
*good*

Did the learner successfully complete this assignment?
