### The regular royal family
 
 
## Contents:

The kingdom at Galapagos
Mithran, the one who is not the emperor
Mia, the want to be empress
Prince Soan
Prince Aryan
The journey
The big fat wedding
The love affair
The full moon ritual
  
# I - The Kingdom at Galapagos
 
Once upon a time long long ago, an emperor and an empress ruled a kingdom by the Galápagos Islands. The emperor spent most of the day in his royal chamber drinking and dancing with maids. The empress ruled the kingdom on his behalf. For years his skin never saw sunlight and soon turned pale and wrinkled. He looked older than he was and died young, leaving the empress with twelve children. She spent her days mastering many life skills from archery to astronomy. The empress raised her children and ruled the kingdom with love and kindness. In all fairness, the empress was rather relieved that the emperor died young. To live with him sure was no fun and game. The kingdom prospered under the empress's reign.

The royal kids were trained in the royal school that taught boys to fight and defend and taught girls to sit gracefully, cook, and clean. After school, they played around the palace. Each of the kids was different from one another. One was bold, one was studious, one was scared, one was loving and forgiving, one was a bully, one was bullied, one was calm, one was a raging storm, one was simple. Despite their differences, they loved, cared for each other, and grew up as fine individuals. 
In course of time, the empress grew old. The royal princes and princesses settled at various parts of the kingdom while Mahen, the eldest son was set to be throned. Ever since he was a little boy, Mahen used to sneak into the courtyard late at night and sit on the throne. Being the emperor was all that mattered to him. However, few months before the throning ceremony, Mahen’s wife left him and committed suicide stating that death was far better than a life with him. Mahen would come across as a decent man if you were to meet him in any social event. It was a huge surprise why someone would choose to end their life on account of Mahen. 
The wedding had happened in a hurry. A few years earlier it was brought to Mahen’s attention that only a man married for two years can be throned the emperor. With his eyes on the throne, he never spent time on women. He always assumed that once he was throned the emperor he could conquer foreign lands and be able to marry the most beautiful woman of all lands. Reluctantly he married the first woman he could think of which was his classmate at the royal school who eventually ended up taking her life.

Mithran was the fifth child, second son, second in line to the throne. He admired Mahen and was more than happy to let his brother rule. He took it on himself to ensure well-being for the family. Often he wondered if life would have been easier had his father lived.
 
Mahen continued sulking around the palace even years after the demise of his wife. He spent most of his time reading about life and loss at the royal library. Mahen’s attitude slowly affected the kingdom. So many court hearings got adjourned. Robbers started plundering the borders. Rape and murders started happening even in broad daylight. The royal family that was once looked up to by the people where now pitied and frowned upon. The kingdom was a few months from the mutiny which could potentially bring the kingdom down.
 
# II - Mithran, the one who is not the emperor

Sensing the pertaining dangers Mithran gathered the best of the fighters, traveled far and wide, and conquered small kinglets. He started patrolling the streets of the kingdom in disguise and soon restored peace and harmony to the disturbed kingdom.

In one of his quests, Mithran met and fell in love with princess Mia from Manamagos island. Mia was also a middle child who had to level up and support her family-run business to make ends meet. Mia worked hard and made the business a grand success. Few years into dating, Mithran wanted to marry Mia but felt that it might put his brother in a bad state if he decided to get married while his brother was still mourning over the loss of his wife.

After his wife’s death Mahen had mellowed down and his interactions with his officials were more empathetic and loving. Discussions were not limited to war strategies but also extended to chit chats about family and hobbies. During one such interaction with Fiona, the general in chief, Mahen fell in love with her. Fiona had always admired Mahen’s determination to be the best emperor and was more than overjoyed when he asked her out. 
 In course of time, Fiona and Mahen married in a quiet ceremony by the beach. They were soon blessed with a baby boy. Overjoyed by the turn of events, the empress throned Mithran's brother as the emperor and happily retired from her royal duties. 
Mahen was no longer the impulsive driven man he once was. The death of the emperor, the suicide of his wife, the sulking, brooding, and introspective years that followed had turned Mahen into a wise man. Fiona had always been a well-composed, well-planned, and brave general in chief. The kingdom had won many battles under her leadership. Together they were invincible. They ruled the kingdom with love and justice. The people lived happily.  
Mithran was still dating Mia. As his kingdom flourished he felt at peace and asked Mia's father for her hand in marriage. Mia’s father was a successful merchant. He had seen how Mithran had brought prosperity back to the kingdom that was heading towards an economic collapse. Mia’s father had huge respect for Mithran that when Mithran wanted to marry Mia he immediately agreed.
 
# III - Mia, the want to be empress
 
Mithran and Mia got married by the beach in Galapagos island on a full moon night. They lived for a while on Galapagos island. Mia and Fiona were overjoyed with their royal duties. They wanted to do their best as the queens. Fiona continued as general in chief and Mia assigned herself as the treasurer given her experience in the business.
 
Mahen and Fiona had plans to expand the territory and wage war against few strong kingdoms. Fiona approached Mia to discuss an increase in the budget allocated for war and relief.
“Greetings Queen Mia”
“Warm wishes Queen Fiona”
“You must be aware of the impending war against our neighboring kingdoms I assume”
“I am very well aware of it Queen Fiona. I have also allocated five thousand extra grands specifically for that purpose. Did you not get the message regarding the budget?”
“As a matter of fact, I did. Five thousand grands will not suffice Mia. Unlike our previous battles, this is against major kingdoms.”
“But Queen Fiona, that is all that we have.”
“I was brought to notice that a huge amount of the budget is being poured into the construction of the bridge from the Island to the main Island. Given the impending war planning to construct a bridge is preposterous.”
“The bridge would save millions of..”
“Hush! Fiona. I would like to hear no more. As the empress, I command you to sanction the budget requested by the general.”

Saying so Fiona swiftly walked past Mia. Mia felt insulted. Her ideas were not only not heard but also rejected. 
Mia brought this up to Mithran later that evening. Mithran listened patiently and agreed that what had happened was not fair. However, Mithran felt that it was best for the family if they could drop this issue and not discuss this any further. Mia felt let down even more. After a series of such incidents, Mithran figured that it would be a wise choice to live elsewhere and rule each of their kingdoms independently. 
Though Mia was mad at Mithran for not fighting for her, she felt that it was after all Mithran’s kingdom and not hers. She made peace with herself and decided to live in Manamagos island her homeland for a while before moving on to one of Mithran's kingdoms. Manamagos island was a beautiful place with many beautiful beaches. 

Much like Mia’s father, Mia’s siblings also looked up to Mithran. Mithran helped Mia's siblings in their business. Their business expanded all over the kingdom. Happy with how things have turned out Mithran decided to move out of Manamagos and let Mia's family take care of Manamagos.

Mia and Mithran moved to a quaint and quiet place called ForeLand. ForeLand was a bit farther up closer to the mountains. It was a sleepy town when Mithran had conquered it. Mithran built up a fort and a small palace and spent time hunting. Mia tried to forgive Mithran and tried to continue as a devoted doting wife. Mia also knew how to ride horses and hunted now and then as well.
 

# IV - Prince Soan
 
Soon Mia and Mithran were blessed with a baby boy whom they lovingly named Soan after the fiery god who resided high up in the mountains. As the little boy started running and playing around Mithran moved to a bigger, more comfortable palace. 
Soan was a quiet child who wouldn't play or even be with anyone else but his mom. After Soan, Mia found it hard to spend time participating in courtroom activities. She seldom went hunting. Mia juggled between her demanding royal duties as a treasurer, creating and balancing yearly budgets, and taking care of Soan. 
Being kings and queens they had abundant support to take care of Soan. Soan was always surrounded by hundreds of toys and had many maids who ensured that Soan was taken good care of. Mia rushed to Soan’s side every few hours and ensured Soan was doing good.

ForeLand was getting bigger with recent conquests that Mithran could not spend more time with Soan. Mithran loved Soan immensely but it was the prime time of his life and he decided to dedicate his time to the welfare of the kingdom.

Under Mithran's guidance ForeLand flourished, together they conquered few other neighboring towns and expanded their rein. Mithran got busy expanding the kingdom that he stopped hunting. He was a just ruler who improved the standard of life for the people at ForeLand.

Soan started attending the royal school. Soan was naturally gifted and aced at archery, horse riding, strategic politics, arts, etc.. etc... Soan spent the majority of his time reading books. Besides his family, he hardly spoke to anyone and spent time devouring books. 

Though Mithran was super busy he never failed to spend weekends with his loving family. It was fun feast and frolic every weekend at the palace. Soon weekends became the only time when Soan saw his dad. 
 
# V - Prince Aryan
 
After few years, Mithran and Mia were blessed with another baby boy. They named him Aryan after the god of evolution. The birth of the second son inspired Mithran to be a better king. He wanted to expand the kingdom and worked hard in building the empire. Mia was busy managing the palace. 
Like Soan, Aryan was also surrounded by guards and maids who took care of his every need. The royal family moved to a bigger palace surrounded by acres of land so that the princes could run and play. Aryan soon learned how to ride a horse and galloped around the palace. 

Unlike Soan, Aryan loved spending time outside. He roamed around the kingdom in his pony and trekked the mountain with his guards and friends. The weekend tradition soon shifted from parties at the palace to treks to the precipice. Soan joined the trek once in a while but mostly kept to himself in the library. Aryan enjoyed the weekend treks immensely. The trek and the wilderness tempted Mithran to start hunting again. Aryan did not miss a beat to join his father in the hunting adventures. 

Aryan was also enrolled at the royal school. Aryan would rather spend his time hunting and riding his horses than go to the royal school. Upon the insistence of the king and queen Aryan attended school. The king and the queen made sure that Aryan not only aced in mathematics, science, and literature but also archery, martial arts, and defense.

Every evening after school Aryan and Soan played around the palace. Soan helped Aryan get better at his school and grades. Aryan adored Soan. He tried to mimic Soan in every possible way. Hanging out with Soan even made Aryan read a page or two from books as well. Soon Aryan also started reading more books that went on to become a habit. Though each of them had their wings in the palace Soan and Aryan spent as much time together as possible. 
Aryan also had many friends and enjoyed playing with them. He even made friends from other kingdoms during the inter-school competitions. He visited and stayed at their place during festivities. Though the king and the queen were not happy with Aryan staying in foreign kingdoms, they knew that Aryan was happy with his friends and let him have fun. Aryan loved his friends immensely.

# VI - The journeys
 
Aryan and Soan grew up to become fine young men. Soan went on to become an alchemist. The sacred art of alchemy was taught at a magical land far away and deserted. Soan was determined and took up a rigorous journey to the institute of Alchemy. Looking at his determination the institute of alchemy welcomed him and Soan spent more than a decade mastering the art of alchemy. 

During this time Soan met many sorcerers, magicians, witches, wizards, werewolves, and other magical creatures. He befriended an elf named Gloria. In course of time, Gloria and Soan became inseparable. They traveled to distant lands to learn more about alchemy and aced in every test that was conducted. After decades of blood, sweat and much more Soan finally became an alchemist.

At the graduation party, Soan proposed to Gloria. Though Gloria loved Soan with all of her heart Gloria turned Soan down. Gloria told Soan that she wanted to pursue post-graduation in alchemy and had no plans of getting into a relationship at least for another ten years. Soan was heartbroken he told Gloria that he could wait. He approached Gloria persistently after which Gloria turned him down telling him that they are better off as friends. 
Meanwhile Aryan wanted to gain more expertise in archery. He wanted to learn Archery from the great Indian master at the Himalayas. He tried his best but failed to clear the preliminary tests. Not knowing what to do with life he wandered. Looking at aimless and lost Aryan broke the heart of Mithran. Mithran built a school of archery and recruited great masters of archery. 

Despite the grand act of love, Aryan felt bad not getting into the Himalayan school of archery. He sulked his time at the school. He had worked so hard to get into the Himalayan School of archery that even without preparation he topped the exams. Being the prince and now the topper Aryan soon became popular at his school. None of these cheered him though. He spent his time sulking and was frustrated and angry with his family members for his failures. The only solace for Aryan was his newfound friends. 

Most of the students enrolled at Mithran’s school of archery were either the ones less skilled to get into the Himalayan school of archery or were poor to be able to afford the fees to study at foreign kingdoms. Aryan visited a few of his friend’s places in the villages. He was quite surprised how a family of four lived in a place that was not even half the size of his room at his palace. Despite running short on resources they were warm and welcoming to Aryan. Aryan was moved by their hospitality and resolved to improve the quality of living for as many people as possible. 
After few years, Aryan accepted his fate and enjoyed his time at Mithran’s school of archery. He realized that he had been mean to his parents who had been nothing but kind and generous to him. Filled with remorse and regret he sought forgiveness from his parents who were happy to see him reform and turn into a kind young man.
 
# VII - The big fat wedding
 
Soan returned now an alchemist. He was already bitter and filled with resentment that Gloria did not reciprocate his feelings. To see his father’s school built exclusively for Aryan he felt worse. Everyone but him seemed to have the best out of life while life seemed unfair in every possible way to him. 

Soan did not want to let the sorrow ruin his life. He decided to put his time and effort into helping people with limited resources using his alchemical skills. It was during this time that Soan met Ashley the maid of a dying merchant. Ashley was dressed simply radiating kindness and grace in every gesture. Soan was moved by Ashley’s manners and how well she served the merchant even at times when he was rude and mean. 

Ashley has had a difficult childhood. Due to extreme poverty, her family had sold her to a merchant as a maid. Ashley went on taking odd jobs from strangers. Though she had every reason to stay mad at life and the world for the rest of her life, she chose kindness and love. Ashley is one of the kindest people Soan had ever met. Her kindness won Sloan’s heart. 

Being around Ashley slowly changed Soan’s resentment towards the recent past. He started seeing the better side out of the things that happened. He tried to be more forgiving, kind, and loving like his beloved Ashley. It did not come easy but in course of time, Soan was able to laugh at some of the bitter happenings of his past. With Ashley life seemed easy and peaceful. After dating each other for a year, they decided to get married. 
Mithran and Mia were overjoyed when they heard about Soan and Ashley. The entire kingdom put their hands together and decorated the mountains. Soan has invited his friends from the alchemy institute. Magicians, wizards, goblins, leprechauns, and many magical beings blessed the wedding. Fireworks and festivities lasted for many days. A grand feast serving delicacies from heaven, the netherworld, and beyond was served. It was the grandest wedding the world had ever seen. Aryan had also invited his friends from all over the world to the kingdom to take part in the celebration. Aryan’s friends had quite a blast at the royal wedding enjoying every bit of the celebration.
 
Every guest was given bags full of gold, glitters, diamonds, and other gifts. There was not a heart that left without blessing the newlyweds. The newlyweds were invited to neighboring kingdoms as guests and the festivities continued even many months after the wedding.

Soan and Ashley loved each other immensely. They never left each other’s sight and were deeply in love. They thanked gods and made sacrifices to ensure that their bond of love stayed strong. 

# VIII - The love affair
 
 Aryan met Abimanyu at the school of archery. Aryan attend d the classes on time, completed all of his homework and assignments, and aced at his tests. Abimanyu bunked many classes, pulled pranks even on the teachers, and barely cleared the exams. Despite their differences, Abimanyu and Aryan spent a lot of time together riding horses and hunting. Many teachers advised Aryan that Abimanyu was a bad influence but it was with Abimanyu that Aryan had the maximum fun.

After completing the archery course, Abimanyu and Aryan traveled the world. Abhimanyu was enchanted by the cuisines at Napa Valley and decided to live there for a while and spend time cooking and baking. Aryan continued his journey meeting new people, befriending, falling in love, breaking few hearts, getting heartbroken, hitting rock bottom, and moving on. Aryan shared all the adventures he had with Abimanyu through letters. Even though they barely met Aryan and Abimanyu supported each other through thick and thin. Abimanyu’s friendship was the only constant factor in Aryan’s adventurous life. 

After many years Aryan got tired of traveling and decided to quit traveling by making Magnus city the last stop. Aryan met Salma at Magnus city and they instantly liked each other. Salma and Aryan spent more time together. They traveled for a while and settled down for a while at Napa valley close to Abimanyu’s new place. They got themselves jobs at a barn as caretakers for the horses. Every day they cleaned, trained, and fed horses. They went on long walks by the brook during the evening. The more they spent time together, the more they fell for each other. At night they sit on the barn roof and looked at the stars.

Salma's parents were happy that she had started dating someone for a long time. Aryan's parents were also happy about the news. Aryan renounced his royal duties and moved permanently to Napa valley to live with Salma. Aryan and Salma never got married but lived happily racing and rising horses and ponies.

They tended to the farm animals in the morning. They played in the evening and read at night. In course of time, they bought a barn of their own and built a cabin by the brook. They never got bored of the valley or each other and lived there for a long time.
 
# IX - The full moon ritual
 
Mithran and Mia had become more distant over time. Mithran had focused a lot on expanding the kingdom. Seeing Aryan and Soan lead happy and loving lives made Mithran realise how much of that he had missed. Mia had grown a lot of resentment towards Mithran. Every advancement of Mithran was encountered with a cold scorn from Mia. It took a lot of persuasion and canoodling before Mia started getting along with Mithran and there was no going back. They were now more in love than they had been even during their younger days.

Though the families lived apart from each other, every year they had a family tradition that brought them together.  Every year Mithran and Mia hosted a family gathering at the 11th full moon by a mountain resort in the ForeLand. It was a simple gathering that refreshed the guests with fresh mountain air, farm-fresh produce, and wine. They went on river rafting, swam by the brook, spent time fishing, boating, star gazing etc… 
The best part of this annual gathering was the bonfire nights. It was there the party came to life. They shared stories of joy and sorrow, stories of loss and success, stories of everything else each other had missed in the past year. The bonfire nights bought them closer to each other. The full moon celebration was never taken for granted. For many years, Mithran’s family lived happily ever after, loving and caring for one another.


## Request for feedback: 


*This week you will read and critique the First Drafts of three of your fellow students.  Each critique will take the form of a letter, 1–2 pages long, summarizing your responses to the work at hand.  Bear in mind that these are drafts; the writer will use these critiques to revise, so you might frame your critique as a comment on where the story is going, although the story may not already have ended up there. The
writer will benefit from the perspective of multiple readers; the readers will benefit  from the chance to clarify their
ideas about the piece under study and, by extension, about their own work.*

*The critique can be nerve-wracking, especially to the writer. Bear in mind that we are dealing with drafts rather than finished work. Our foremost responsibility to the writer is to be useful.  Praise and criticism, in a generous spirit, are equally welcome; however, what writers often can best use is our report of what in their work is unique, funny, pleasing, frightening, or strange.  Let the writer know what is unique in what she is doing.*

tim Babcock

*Here are some thoughts on going line by line in your next revision. Some things can be more clearly written: The royal kids(sons) were trained in the royal school that taught boys. The wedding had happened in a hurry(was a quick one) (A) Few years into dating, Do a search of adverbs like such, just, always, etc that rob the piece of its concreteness. “You must be aware of the impending war against our neighboring kingdoms I assume"....This is classic as you know Bob where the reader has the characters give information that would be obvious to them. Be mindful of it in your dialogue. Manamagos island was a beautiful place with many beautiful beaches...Take the opportunity to put in a brief sensory description. "White sandy beaches". It doesn't have to be much instead of telling the reader its beautiful. Though Mithran was super busy...A more modern way of describing how busy he is. Better to just drop it and say she was busy I think. Plot: A family saga but it is told from a distance and over a good many years. Something I think with the number of characters is difficult to cover properly in a short story format. There are trials and tribulations, but they pass too quickly. I thought too many characters for the length. The characters themselves look like they can be interesting but we're not allowed to get close to them, only watching from afar. This is more an outline for a novel. Maybe think about taking one of the parts and expanding into the short story. This would give us a closer and slower look at their lives and world. Its a good idea, I just thought it could be shown differently. Hope this helps.*

Emma Mallalieu
*I think her story confuses the setting, are you trying to set it in olden day royalty? Middle or present day royalty? The reason I say this is because some of the words that are used imply one ting but then something is said that implied another. For example Magic or wizardry came long before fencing. I also think that the characters are very similar to one another. When they grow up and when they get married. I find the most interesting parts are when for example they go off to college get their own personalities and make their own life choices. However I think you did a much better job then I did!*

Craig Carson
*Hi Surya, Thank you for sharing your story. I really enjoyed reading it, and I hope you find my feedback helpful. For me, good stories have two important qualities. First, they take me someplace new and interesting. Second, they connect in a human way. Your story does both for me. It is magical and fantastical, making it something new and interesting, someplace that I want to go to or learn more about. I can connect with the people in the story and can empathize with their problems. So that is very good. People say that the first sentence or beginning of a story is very important, and I really liked your first paragraph. It creates interest and it made me want to read more and learn about the kingdom and how it works out with the drinking and womanizing emperor and the strong empress. Tour story covers a lot of time and has a lot of people in it. It covers three generations of a family and many brothers and their loves and lives. I think it does this well, it held my interest throughout. However, you could write an interesting and compelling story on just one of these characters over a few months. You could write a very interesting story just about how Aryan met Salma and they came to work on the horse farm. Consider covering a shorter period and then going really in depth on the story. Keeping the story more focused would also help in that as the story progressed and characters were introduced, I wasn’t sure who the story was about. At first I thought it was about the emperor and empress, then I thought perhaps it was about Mahen, and then Mithren. The person I think is the main character, Aryan,, isn’t introduced until half-way into the story on page 7. Your story at times was magically descriptive, and I enjoyed that. For example, on page 11, when Soan and Ashley decided to get married, “The entire kingdom put their hands together and decorated the mountains” was a wonderful description. Also in the same paragraph, the magicians, wizards, goblins, and leprechauns that blessed the wedding was very entertaining. It was very creative (all those creatures) and still connected emotionally (blessing a wedding). It would have been good to see some more description or to get deeper in other parts of the story. For example, more detail around Mahen and his first wife. Did he love her? How did she kill herself? What was it about their life together that she couldn’t bare, and so she killed herself? I really wanted to know more about this event and their lives together. Maybe discuss the depths of his depression after she died.? You could make a whole novel just out of this scenario. Again, thank you for your story. I really enjoyed it. I’m looking forward to reading the next draft.*

On a scale from 0 to 5, how would you rate this story's incorporation of concepts covered throughout the specialization?
	
0 points

The story does not reflect any of the concepts covered in the specialization. 
	
	
1 point

The story reflects few of the concepts covered in the specialization. 
	
	
2 points

The story reflects some of the concepts covered in the specialization. 
	
	
3 points

The story reflects many of the concepts covered in the specialization.
*tB*
	
4 points

The story reflects most of the concepts covered in the specialization.
*CC*
	
5 points
The story reflects a masterful understanding of the concepts covered in the specialization.
*EM*