### The adventure

Aryan met Abimanyu at the school of archery. Aryan attend d the classes on time, completed all of his homework and assignments, and aced at his tests. Abimanyu bunked many classes, pulled pranks even on the teachers, and barely cleared the exams. Despite their differences, Abimanyu and Aryan spent a lot of time together riding horses and hunting. Many teachers advised Aryan that Abimanyu was a bad influence but it was with Abimanyu that Aryan had the maximum fun.
After completing the archery course, Abimanyu and Aryan traveled the world. Abhimanyu was enchanted by the cuisines at Napa Valley and decided to live there for a while and spend time cooking and baking. Aryan continued his journey meeting new people, befriending, falling in love, breaking few hearts, getting heartbroken, hitting rock bottom, and moving on. Aryan shared all the adventures he had with Abimanyu through letters. Even though they barely met Aryan and Abimanyu supported each other through thick and thin. Abimanyu’s friendship was the only constant factor in Aryan’s adventurous life.
After many years Aryan got tired of traveling and decided to quit traveling by making Magnus city the last stop. Aryan met Salma at Magnus city and they instantly liked each other. Salma and Aryan spent more time together. They traveled for a while and settled down for a while at Napa valley close to Abimanyu’s new place. They got themselves jobs at a barn as caretakers for the horses. Every day they cleaned, trained, and fed horses. They

 went on long walks by the brook during the evening. The more they spent time together, the more they fell for each other. At night they sit on the barn roof and looked at the stars.
Salma's parents were happy that she had started dating someone for a long time. Aryan's parents were also happy about the news. Aryan renounced his royal duties and moved permanently to Napa valley to live with Salma. Aryan and Salma never got married but lived happily racing and rising horses and ponies.
They tended to the farm animals in the morning. They played in the evening and read at night. In course of time, they bought a barn of their own and built a cabin by the brook. They never got bored of the valley or each other and lived there for a long time.

## Request for feedback: 

*Perform a “sanding critique” of the first page of three of your fellow-writers’ stories. This critique should take the form of a bulleted list of comments and queries—we suggest about 10 comments or queries per one-page manuscript.  At each bullet, refer briefly to the passage in question; then make your comment.  Remember this critique is not only to pick out flaws or suggest changes but also to single out the moments when the language is working at its best.  Let the writer know when the prose is really singing. Bear in mind that we are dealing with drafts rather than finished work.*

*A written version of the sanding critique we presented in the video this week might look like this:*

 *“A minivan pulled out of the parking lot.  A family.”: This is a fragment, but for me the rhythm works well in this place.
 “horizon line”: Redundancy?  Since all horizons are essentially lines, is it possible to cut “line”?
 “… had not yet touched the flat horizon line, but she could feel the breeze…”: I don’t quite understand the “but” here.  Possible to clarify what is being contrasted between the two halves of the sentence?
 “‘Water,’ he said.”: Antecedent?  Can you clarify who this “he” is?
“Clouds … bloated with gathering condensation”: Truism?  All clouds are condensation.
“He had heard her, but he had not cared”: Love this.  His indifference to her is devastating. and so on. Please place your comments here.*

Not bad
Keegan Harness

- "but it was with Abimanyu that Aryan had the maximum fun" The syntax of this line is incorrect. It should either be 'Aryan had the MOST fun' or it should be 'Aryan had maximum fun'. - "falling in love, breaking few hearts, getting heartbroken" This line is also incorrect. It should be either: 'breaking SOME hearts' or breaking A FEW hearts.' - "at night they sit on the barn roof and looked at the stars" You need to use the past-tense version of the word 'sit'. The correct way to write that out would be 'at night they SAT on the barn roof'. - "Aryan renounced his royal duties and moved permanently to Napa Valley". There was no preceding information given to the reader about Aryan's status as a royal. What kind of royal is he? What are these 'royal duties' that he has? If the duties are irrelevant to the rest of your story, you could exclude them. But it should be made clear to your reader early on that Aryan is a royal. - "They tended to the farm animals in the morning. They played in the evening and read at night." The first sentence seems needlessly fractured from the following sentence. I would recommend stringing it into a single sentence like this: 'They tended to the farm animals in the morning, played in the evening, and read at night.' - "They never got bored of the valley or each other and lived there for a long time." This sentence would benefit from additional punctuation. I think commas would work best: 'They never got bored of the valley, or each other, and lived there for a long time.
Good
