# The regular royal family 
## The ordinary story of an extraordinary family 

## Contents: 

• The kingdom

• Prince Sloan

• Prince Aryan

• The journey

• The big fat wedding 

• The love affair 

• The full moon celebration 

## The kingdom 

Once upon a time long long ago, Mithran the emperor and Mia the empress ruled a kingdom by the Galápagos Islands. Mithran ruled his kingdom with justice and spent most of his time going over battle designs and kingdom planning. Mia ensured that the palace was maintained well and supported her husband in every possible way she could. Mia adored her husband very much. Mia herself used to be a warrior princess, she used to battle and hunt before her wedding. After getting married she got busy with the palace duties. 
In course of time, Mithran started spending more time on the growth of the kingdom. The kingdom prospered and became powerful. The people lived happily under Mithran’s reign. 

## Prince Sloan 

Soon Mia and Mithran were blessed with a baby boy whom they named Sloan. As the little boy started running and playing around Mithran moved to a bigger, more comfortable palace. 
Sloan was a quiet child who wouldn't play or even be with anyone else but his mom. Mia juggled between her demanding royal duties as a treasurer, creating and balancing yearly budgets, and taking care of Sloan. 
As a royal family, they had a lot of support to take care of Sloan. Sloan was surrounded by hundreds of toys and had many maids who ensured that Sloan was cared for well. Mia rushed to Sloan’s side every few hours and ensured Sloan was doing good. 
Meanwhile, Mithran was busy waging war with neighboring provinces and expanding the kingdom. With the wars and city planning duties, Mithran could not spend more time with Sloan or Mia. Mithran loved Sloan immensely but it was the prime time of his life and he decided to dedicate his time to the welfare of the kingdom. 
Sloan started attending the royal school. Sloan was naturally gifted and aced at archery, horse riding, strategic politics, arts, etc.. etc... Sloan spent the majority of his time reading books. Besides his family, he hardly spoke to anyone and spent time devouring books. 
Despite the busy royal duties Mithran never failed to spend weekends with his loving family. It was a fun feast and frolic every weekend at the palace. Soon weekends became the only time when Sloan saw his dad. 


## Prince Aryan 

After few years, Mithran and Mia were blessed with another baby boy named Aryan. The birth of the second son inspired Mithran to be a better king. He wanted to expand the kingdom and worked hard in building the empire. Mia resigned herself from palace duties and dedicated her time to take care of her son and husband. Like Sloan, Aryan was also surrounded by guards and maids who took care of his every need. The royal family moved to a bigger palace surrounded by acres of land so that the princes could run and play. Aryan soon learned how to ride a horse and galloped around the palace. 
Unlike Sloan, Aryan loved spending time outside. He roamed around the kingdom in his pony and trekked the mountain with his guards and friends. The weekend tradition soon shifted from parties at the palace to treks to the precipice. Sloan joined the trek once in a while but mostly kept to himself in the library. Aryan enjoyed the weekend treks immensely. The trek and the wilderness tempted Mithran to start hunting again. Aryan did not miss a beat to join his father in the hunting adventures. 
Aryan was also enrolled at the royal school. Aryan would rather spend his time hunting and riding his horses than go to the royal school. Upon the insistence of the king and queen Aryan attended school. The king and the queen hired special tutors and made sure that Aryan not only aced in mathematics, science, and literature but also archery, martial arts, and defense. 


Every evening after school Aryan and Sloan played around the palace. Sloan helped Aryan get better at his school and grades. Aryan adored Sloan. He tried to mimic Sloan in every possible way. Hanging out with Sloan even made Aryan read a page or two from books as well. Soon Aryan also started reading more books that went on to become a habit. Though each of them had their tower in the palace Sloan and Aryan spent as much time together as possible. 
Aryan also had many friends and enjoyed playing with them. He even made friends from other kingdoms during the inter-school competitions. He visited and stayed at their place during festivities. Though the king and the queen were not happy with Aryan staying in foreign kingdoms, they knew that Aryan was happy with his friends and let him have fun. Aryan loved his friends immensely. 

## The journeys 

Aryan and Soa	n grew up to become fine young men. Sloan went on to become an alchemist. The sacred art of alchemy was taught at a magical land far away and deserted. Sloan was determined and took up a rigorous journey to the institute of Alchemy. Looking at his determination the institute of alchemy welcomed him and Sloan spent more than a decade mastering the art of alchemy. 
During this time Sloan met many sorcerers, magicians, witches, wizards, werewolves, and other magical creatures. He befriended an elf named Gloria. In course of time, Gloria and Sloan became inseparable. They traveled to distant lands to learn more about alchemy and  aced in every test that was conducted. After decades of blood, sweat and much more Sloan finally became an alchemist. 
At the graduation party, Sloan proposed to Gloria. Though Gloria loved Sloan with all of her heart Gloria turned Sloan down. Gloria told Sloan that she wanted to pursue post- graduation in alchemy and had no plans of getting into a relationship at least for another ten years. Sloan was heartbroken he told Gloria that he could wait. He approached Gloria persistently after which Gloria turned him down telling him that they are better off as friends. 
Meanwhile Aryan wanted to gain more expertise in archery. He wanted to learn Archery from great Indian masters in the Himalayas. He tried his best but failed to clear the preliminary tests. Not knowing what to do with life he wandered. Looking at aimless and lost Aryan broke the heart of Mithran. Mithran built a school of archery and recruited great masters of archery. 
Despite the grand act of love, Aryan felt bad not getting into the Himalayan school of archery. He sulked his time at the school. He had worked so hard to get into the Himalayan School of archery that even without preparation he topped the exams. Being the prince and now the topper Aryan soon became popular at his school. None of these cheered him though. He spent his time sulking and was frustrated and angry with his family members for his failures. The only solace for Aryan was his newfound friends. 
Most of the students enrolled at Mithran’s school of archery were either the ones less skilled to get into the Himalayan school of archery or were poor to be able to afford the fees to study at foreign kingdoms. Aryan visited a few of his friend’s places in the villages. He was quite surprised how a family of four lived in a place that was not even half the size of his room at his palace. Despite running short on resources they were warm and welcoming to Aryan. Aryan was moved by their hospitality and resolved to improve the quality of living for as many people as possible. 
After few years, Aryan accepted his fate and enjoyed his time at Mithran’s school of archery. He realized that he had been mean to his parents who had been nothing but kind and generous to him. Filled with remorse and regret he sought forgiveness from his parents who were happy to see him reform and turn into a kind young man. 

## The big fat wedding 

Sloan returned now an alchemist. He was already bitter and filled with resentment that Gloria did not reciprocate his feelings. To see his father’s school built exclusively for Aryan he felt worse. Everyone but him seemed to have the best out of life while life seemed unfair in every possible way to him. 
Sloan did not want to let the sorrow ruin his life. He decided to put his time and effort into helping people with limited resources using his alchemical skills. It was during this time that Sloan met Ashley the maid of a dying merchant. Ashley was dressed simply radiating kindness and grace in every gesture. Sloan was moved by Ashley’s manners and how well she served the merchant even at times when he was rude and mean. 
Ashley has had a difficult childhood. Due to extreme poverty, her family had sold her to a merchant as a maid. Ashley went on taking odd jobs from strangers. Though she had every reason to stay mad at life and the world for the rest of her life, she chose kindness and love. Ashley is one of the kindest people Sloan had ever met. Her kindness won Sloan’s heart. 
Being around Ashley slowly changed Sloan’s resentment towards the recent past. He started seeing the better side out of the things that happened. He tried to be more forgiving, kind and loving like his beloved Ashley. It did not come easy but in course of time, Sloan was able to laugh at some of the bitter happenings of his past. With Ashley life seemed easy and peaceful. After dating each other for a year, they decided to get married. 
Mithran and Mia were overjoyed when they heard about Sloan and Ashley. The entire kingdom put their hands together and decorated the mountains. Sloan has invited his friends from the alchemy institute. Magicians, wizards, goblins, leprechauns, and many magical beings blessed the wedding. Fireworks and festivities lasted for many days. A grand feast serving delicacies from heaven, the netherworld, and beyond was served. It was the grandest wedding the world had ever seen. Aryan had also invited his friends from all over the world to the kingdom to take part in the celebration. Aryan’s friends had quite a blast at the royal wedding enjoying every bit of the celebration. 
Every guest was given bags full of gold, glitters, diamonds, and other gifts. There was not a heart that left without blessing the newlyweds. The newlyweds were invited to neighboring kingdoms as guests and the festivities continued even many months after the wedding. 
Sloan and Ashley loved each other immensely. They never left each other’s sight and were deeply in love. They thanked gods and made sacrifices to ensure that their bond of love stayed strong. 

## The love affair 

Aryan met Abimanyu at the school of archery. Aryan attended the classes on time, completed all of his homework and assignments, and aced at his tests. Abimanyu bunked many classes, pulled pranks even on the teachers, and barely cleared the exams. Despite their differences, Abimanyu and Aryan spent a lot of time together riding horses and hunting. Many teachers advised Aryan that Abimanyu was a bad influence but it was with Abimanyu that Aryan had the maximum fun. 
After completing the archery course, Abimanyu and Aryan traveled the world. Abhimanyu was enchanted by the cuisines at Napa Valley and decided to live there for a while and spend time cooking and baking. Aryan continued his journey meeting new people, befriending, falling in love, breaking few hearts, getting heartbroken, hitting rock bottom, and moving on. Aryan shared all the adventures he had with Abimanyu through letters. Even though they barely met Aryan and Abimanyu supported each other through thick and thin. Abimanyu’s friendship was the only constant factor in Aryan’s adventurous life. 
After many years Aryan got tired of traveling and decided to quit traveling by making Magnus city the last stop. Magnus city was rich in heritage and had many ruined buildings which were preserved as monuments. Salma was the tourist guide who briefed about the monuments of Magnus city. Salma made even the mundane thing fun. Even looking at the mad king’s grave was fun when it was with Salma. Aryan loved spending time with Salma so much that he extended his stay in Magnus city. 
In course of time, they started dating. They traveled far and wide and settled down for a while at Napa valley close to Abimanyu’s new place. They got themselves jobs at a barn as caretakers for the horses. Every day they cleaned, trained, and fed horses. They went on long walks by the brook during the evening. The more they spent time together, the more they fell for each other. At night they sit on the barn roof and looked at the stars. 
Salma's parents were happy that she was in a long-term relationship. Aryan's parents were also happy about the news. Aryan renounced his royal duties and moved permanently to Napa valley to live with Salma. Aryan and Salma never got married but lived happily racing and rising horses and ponies. 
They tended to the farm animals in the morning. They played in the evening and read at night. In course of time, they bought a barn of their own and built a cabin by the brook. They never got bored of the valley or each other and lived there for a long time. 


## The full moon celebration 
While Aryan and Sloan were happy with their relationships Mithran and Mia had become more distant over time. Mithran had focused a lot on expanding the kingdom that he had ignored Mia and her needs. Seeing Aryan and Sloan lead happy and loving lives made Mithran realize how much of that he had missed. Mia had grown a lot of resentment towards Mithran. Every advancement of Mithran was encountered with cold scorn from Mia. It took a lot of persuasion and canoodling before Mia started getting along with Mithran and there was no going back. They were now more in love than they had been even during their younger days. 

Though the families lived apart, every year they had a family tradition that brought them together. Every year Mithran and Mia hosted a family gathering at the 11th full moon by a beach palace in Galapagos island. It was a simple gathering that refreshed the guests with fresh beach air, farm-fresh produce, and wine. They went on river rafting, swam by the ocean at night, spent time fishing, boating, star gazing, etc... The best part of this annual gathering was the bonfire nights. They shared stories of joy and sorrow, stories of loss and success, stories of everything else each other had missed in the past year. The bonfire nights bought them closer to each other. The full moon celebration was never taken for granted. For many years, Mithran’s family lived happily ever after, loving and caring for one another. 


### Feedback

*The final step in the Specialization is for you to write evaluations of three of your fellow-students’ Final Drafts.  

As in Week Three, these evaluations will take the form of a letter of 1–2 pages addressed to the writer.  Whereas before we were addressing drafts still taking shape, this time we’ve got the writer’s best shot at a finished work. 

As in any critique feel welcome to suggest improvements.  But this time we hope you’ll respond to the piece as a complete work of art.  Reflect for the writer what you think the piece is about.  What is the central dramatic mystery?  Who is the character your heart reaches out to?  What is the thematic dilemma you found yourself wrestling with as you read?  What is the total effect the piece has had on your mind?

After this, you’ll be certified as having finished the class.*


Michael Bauch

There is a solid foundation here for a fairy tale style story, but I do have some suggestions. #1 read the story out loud, hear the words and I think you will catch some wording that doesn’t work. #2 Once you’ve introduced a character into a paragraph you don’t need to say their name in every sentence where they are address. A prime example of this is in the third paragraph under “Prince Sloan” “As a royal family, they had a lot of support to take care of Sloan. Sloan was surrounded by hundreds of toys and had many maids who ensured that Sloan was cared for well. Mia rushed to Sloan’s side every few hours and ensured Sloan was doing good.” Your readers will get that once you have address Sloan, that he has the maids and that he was well taken care of, that Mia would rush to his side to ensure that he was doing well.

